---
layout: post
mathjax: false
title:  "Brewing Beer"
date:   2019-05-22 21:01:34
categories: blog personal
---

2 years ago I brewed a handful of beers with some friends after receiving
inspiration from some now unknown reason. The location of our underground
rebel brewery was the first place I rented, and if we're being honest, this
might have been allowed.

My memory is a bit fuzzy, but I remember ordering a starter kit online, and
then waiting impatiently for my equipment to arrive. Fortunately for us, the
starter kit came with a 5 gallon recipe of our choice out of three listed
recipes. During this time I was going through a strong IPA phase, and for a
bit of variety, I outsourced the decision on the recipe to one of my friends,
who ultimately chose the **Caribou Slobber**. While I can't be that certain
that any of the other recipes would have turned out well, I know for certain
that this beer did not.

Six weeks later we found ourselves with 5 gallons of our beer to which none of
us had really taken, and to top things off, we were all too proud to admit this
for a few days. But soon, we became honest with ourselves, and we all
understood that this wasn't what we wanted. Being the generous friend I was, I
began to give away my share of the batch to all my friends and family. In my
defense, I was told them that the beer, with which they were being blessed, was
genuinely awful, but my sturbborn beer drinking friends insisted that this was
something special, despite their faces turning into the wrapper of a warhead
candy.

But I'm taking up beer again. Despite my lack of success with a few of my
initial brews, I want to get back into it. One of the first things I'm
prioritizing is following the instructions religous, and using proper
equipment. Our last creations weren't crafted with the precision and attention
they deserved, and we were punished for our callousness. But from here on, I
need to first develop a familiarity with everything before I can really
begin to create my own deviations.

#### **Update 05/25**

This afternoon I finished bottling my beer and the result was 9 bottles of
an *Imperial IPA*. I might have accidentally placed two fizz drops in one
of the bottles, so in the event that one of the bottles explodes, I won't be
terribly surprised.

The color was good, and the bottling procedure was pretty clean. At the
moment I would say that it was a successful brew.

I'll update this post in two weeks about whether the beer actually turns out
good or not.
